The Faculty of Pharmacy of the University of Navarre has a
trajectory of more than 40 years
its objectives to train health professionals of excellence in different
areas of health
pharmaceutics specialists of a establishment and its application to
patient
and dietitians nutritionists specialists
nutrition clinic nutrition education your industry management
food
has many professional possibilities
and is that apart from the defense that of course
the results of the research the midfielder with the outs
hospitals does not have information tic osuna people who
spaces in the semifinals but topics in biology topics in biochemistry from
Become a professional like a hook
that can adapt very well in many positions
to achieve these objectives
we have three fundamental pillars in the first place the internationalization
the students that wish it
they can carry out part of their training billy
studying elective subjects in general English both part of their
theoretical training this practice abroad tutored stays
it is a compulsory subject of the degree studies
participate in
in hospital tasks or in pharmacy offices
we have an agreement to facilitate these stays abroad
with 25 American universities
Seven United States and South America as Florida Oxilia
and also from the main European universities as the audience
from Barcelona
and bonn in germany we also receive students to make their stays
supervised in the university clinic
and in different centers of Navarre with which we have agreements
and 46 are
Many students come to carry out their final research projects.
liked by the participant
in investigations with different departments
would send to internationalization
this hike very present in our department we are now
I would say that we are like the first option because we have something
Italian students Bulgarian Portuguese Brazilian students
she is very international salty shetty
the career theme
I had the chance
d go abroad pierina london make them fail
in the rest of the hospitals in the center of the goal to meet people
the device works
the second pillar
this investigation
the faculty is set in a field of medical study
with research centers of France enough as the center of
medical research applied top
the applied pharmacobiology research center
also has other centers such as the university clinic the pilot plant
of drug manufacturing science institutes of the
We are in a unique biomedical campus in Spain
nor with the hurricane is it an indelible mark to have a synergy between
centers like the climate with better figures
the Valencian center the field
then of course all the faculties I think we have the potential
to be able to develop in different fields like those that now
raised biomedical research
Good thing it generates a lot of great challenges from donosti that the pharmacist is
a professional I know perfectly well his collaboration business with a good
team researchers
the third pillar is the humanistic education that provides a glimpse
to his students
and if we consider a fundamental element for any professional performance
a pretty career
that trend
very well what are agencies l
that is something important that is
from the faculty of pharmacy of the University of Navarre we prepare every year
future professionals
from the moment they enter through the door
coves of alfaz eminently practical
possibly the best prepared ones advancing
the pharmacy holiday as a destination
if you have professional ambition
make known